adquirente: Adquirente
banderaCashback: String
banderaTarjetaPresente: String
bin: String
binCorto: String
codEnvioAbono: String
codError: ValueLabel
codGiro: String
codIndicadorComercioElectronico: String
codIntercambio: String
codMedioAcceso: String
codModoEntradaPos: String
codNaturalezaBin: String
codProcesoEmisor: String
codRiesgo: ValueLabel
codTipoAbono: String
codTipoMoneda: String
codTipoProducto: String
codTipoPromocion: String
codTipoTarjeta: String
codTipoTransaccion: String
cuotaDescuento: String
diferimientoPromocion: String
dispatcher: String
emisor: Emisor
fhArchivo: String
fhDeposito: String
fhProceso: String
fhTransaccion: String
fhUltimaModificacion: String
hrTransaccion: String
idCategoriaVenta: Int
idLotes: ID
idPlataformaLog: String
idTransaccion: String
importeCashback: Int
importeIvaTasaDescuento: Int
importePropina: Int
importeTasaDescuento: Int
importeTransaccion: Int
llavePos: String
numeroAfiliacion: String
numeroAutorizacion: String
numeroCuenta: String
numeroHorasDeposito: String
numeroLote: Int
numeroReferenciaRrn: String
numeroVentana: Int
parcializacioPromocion: String
plataforma: ValueLabel
procesoUltimaModificacion: String
referenciaCheques: String
referenciaIntercambio: String
registroLlaveLog: String
reproceso: String
tasaDescuento: String
terminacionCuenta: String
terminalData: String
tipoAbonoComercio: String
tipoIntercambio: String
tipoTransaccion: ValueLabel
afiliacion: Afiliacion